Alok

Using the power of music, Alok left Brazil and travelled the world. His name means “light”.
He has signed a contract and a closed concert will happen on Free Fire’s battleground 
island for some VIP guests!





Chrono

He had a normal childhood in his original universe. His parents were famous
lawyers who fought against poverty and helped bring the poor homeless people
up into society.





Skyler

Driven to be the best musical talent in the business and to also find the 
best talent. He doesn't like to lose and believes that creativity allows 
people to see the good in the world instead of the bad.





Caroline

She has enough fans to fill up an entire stadium. She is no doubt the most 
popular girl at school.Her father and her friends are the two most valuable 
things in her life.





Hayato 

Hayato, a kid from a legendary Samurai family. Being the only child means 
that Hayato needs to carry on the family tradition and curse... This young 
Samurai has a secret nobody else can know... For this, Hayato is willing 
to give up his life.





Dimitri

Dimitri is the elder brother of Thiva. In his daily life, he would spend 
most of his day at the lab developing new sound technology.





Steffie

Steffie is a liberal artist. Since childhood, she has already shown the 
surprising gift for art. After the war, Steffie saw the rise of Future 
Horizons in her country and how they hunted down artists in the name 
of a better future.





Xayne

Xayne was always interested in more extreme activities even when she 
was a kid. She prefers the adrenaline rush of xtreme sports instead 
of human interaction. Free-spirit, she wants to explore life and find
its limits.





Kenta

Kenta served as a bodyguard and bladesmith for Hayato Yagami's family 
for years. He is a man of few words but protects his new, young master 
in whatever situation they find themselves in.





Homer

Homer is a blind man who is not only an assassin, but also one of the 
founders of the thriving tech gang in Griza.





Dasha

Dasha was a very happy and productive child but then a series of 
unfortunate events came into her life. Her parents died, her best 
friend moved away, her foster family was terrible to her and her 
country was on the brink of war.





Clu

Clu grew up in a suburb of a large city. Her parents were wealthy, 
never had to worry about the basics of life and she had a very 
loving childhood. When she was a teenager, her dad was recruited 
for the war effort.


































